everybody how's it going today we're
gonna take a look at the history of
Smackdown volume 7 and today we're gonna
be looking at W smackdown vs raw 2006
released on November 14 2005 this game
has not yet been rated the following
contest is a have walked out around
thousands of times before they will walk
up alone thousands of times more there
is only one thing that makes this time
in differently
as you can see this game is based around
the 2005 error of a Debbie Debbie pretty
much it kind of goes into like the
classic errors but it kind goes into all
the modern air to back then and as you
can tell there's a lot of action in this
game there's buried a lot of matches in
this game there's a until you manage to
fantasy matches with the woman and this
game kind of over a halt basically what
ever Smackdown vs. raw was makes robbers
walk on I was like the denigrates here
comes a pain this game pretty much was
like the up the ante like dig ain't this
game in a year and it's kind of well
impressive that he actually went this
game and quite like just a year's time
and look at that graphic his game
alright I got the graphics a nine this
is a PlayStation 2 game a PlayStation 2
game looks good like it is incredible
how much of a difference there was
between the last games my traversal on
this one right here now for the gameplay
um they actually have these little mini
games during the beginning the matches
for some reason they took that out why I
don't know because they actually add a
little bit of depth to the matches and
not only that but they also introduced
stamina into this game a new like you
know stamina system where like the
Russell's are actually looking tired
after rustling for a while not only that
but this game also introduced the super
whole system and a double count-out
system I mean the way you have to
actually like you know drop the bar
until like a you know a sequence we had
to push like the bar before we get up in
the tenth sequence it was good what they
took it out for I don't know they took a
lot of good stuff in this game but this
game had a lot of great stuff in it ever
some reason you messed it up now the
controls in this game the gameplay 8.5
the gameplay in this game is
revolutionary why because yes we tried
to make this game a sim a simulation
game from respect no game and it came
out pretty well
they made the the adult of this crapola
system here comes the pain they modified
that and tweaked the engine so they so
like that in the engine and the ruslan
actually seems like it was kind of
intuitive it made for a really really
good gameplay and the only downside
about this is the cell line the cell
line on this game was not the strongest
point of this game I mean you can you
know you can try to go to the top rope
and hit someone with a damn move and
they get right back up that was the only
bad stop let's move this game play look
at the gameplay this wrestling you can
actually have some solid wrestling
matches in this game and that matches
are probably won't like 10 minutes
honest
evenly no effort at all the gameplay in
this game was great and I love the M for
some reason I run it in the future games
but Olga to us story another time and
another time in the future now for also
after going to not only to the gameplay
but the season mode this is from a
PlayStation 2 game made in 2005 we have
wwr now and I can't do this the sound in
this game is fantastic the season
learner's game was fantastic it was a
little bit of script in a linear imeem
look at the acting for cornello look at
the acting the voice acting is good that
is lip sync together
it looks like you're actually watching a
real crowd
I mean it's funny because you know the
whole WB 13 holes approaches you know
did you knew WB live like where we make
the crowd know was loud and lots of
stuff this game came out in 2005 and it
did exactly that I did everything that
that they're trying to introduce the
åland pass off and every or thirteen is
new revolutionary this game came out
2005 use what is wrong with you how can
you go back in the day this game was
good this game was awesome I remember I
had no interest in wrestling games
doctors man for all came out this game
is revolutionary how all these types of
modes had all the test matches Hell in a
Cell TLC have backstage areas in and
Link by the way and had create a belt
you can create your own belt in the game
every wrestler out there only animations
every wrestler had their own Musa there
is very different types of animations
there's like 10 or 20 types of clothes
lines power bonds use this game is so
creative what happened what happened
what did you do I mean just look at the
entrances to this game I mean look this
is Booker T and cement up respond to the
other six it's my NW b12 Booker T looks
like a baboon he looks like an ape it
looks like the jar jar binks on crack I
don't know what the Freak they were
thinking of these newer games but this
game came out in 2005 uke's THQ are you
listening wake up you make good games
when you take your time what the heck
was ever gonna be 12 I'll never know but
this game was a great revolutionary game
and you know what this is one of the top
three Smackdown game son obviously one
of the best wrestling games of all time
to spend overall 2006 this game is
revolutionary for his time and it shoots
a great stamina system I think they kind
of sort of mean in a day of recommend
but don't worry about that and they also
you know just incorporate a lot of
simulation helmets of the game which
made the game not only semi-realistic
put fun and that's one thing that made
the game fun they were just awesome it
was a good game to play but you know
what folks I don't think we're ever
gonna get a game like this again because
you know PG I don't know Kitty whatever
but blah why this game is good now
here's the pros and cons the pros of the
game also grabs her piece to the season
it was awesome the roster was great last
year the good controls I'll get into
that later many games were fun create a
belt call and a commentary
was done by both brands and this is the
best em smackdown game yet now the cons
something that's kind of iffy the
commentary is repetitive and tell me no
occasional controlling issues with
clipping and stuff with that and the
backstage areas are kind of like overall
after this game and nine this game is a
fantastic addition is my classic he was
amazing it was a bit sim game by this
game there's cheap somewhere is linens
and have been and the game stopped
somewhere I can try this game okay
you will not regret buying this game but
you don't have it already at this game
it's also it's a classic it's all I'll
say about it before you did whatever
they're doing now this series just
bothers game the next review will be on
Spanish watch 2007 I'll Thomas I'll have
more views out sooner than later instead
of it taking forever anyway this is that
review channel please